fix(proxy-cache): allow nil ctx vars in cache key (#7168)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/proxy-cache.md

If the Upstream service is not available and APISIX returns a 502 or 504 status code, it will be cached for 10s.

> Variable starts with `$` and will be treated as an empty string when does not exist. You can also use a combination of variables and strings, but you need to write them separately in one array, and eventually the variables will be parsed and stitched together with strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variables  (start with `$`) can be specified in `cache_key` and `cache_bypass. It's worth to mention that the variable value will be an empty string if it doesn't exist.

You can also combine a number of variables and strings (constants), by writing them into an array, eventually, variables will be parsed and stitched together with strings.
```

Author: Changed. And I added `no_cache`
